docs(FAQ): add a note in "How to allow all IPs to access Admin API" (#4264)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/FAQ.md

```

Restart or reload APISIX, all IPs can access the `Admin API`.

> >Note: You can use this method in the exercise to allow all IPs to access your `Apache APISIX` instance, but it is not safe to use it in a production environment. In production, please only authorize specific IP addresses or address ranges to access your instance.

Reviewer: Better to use `**...**` for Note.

Author: Updated.

> **Note: You can use this method in a non-production environment to allow all IPs to access your `Apache APISIX` instance, but it is not safe to use it in a production environment. In production, please only authorize specific IP addresses or address ranges to access your instance.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note: You can use this method in a non-production environment to allow all clients from anywhere to access your `Apache APISIX` instances, but it is not safe to use it in a production environment. In production, please only authorize specific IP addresses or address ranges to access your instance.**
```

Author: Updated.
